Improve 1-N relations documentation (#7629)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/attribute_table.rst

* The two buttons |formView| and |openTable| to the right switch between the :ref:`table
  view and form view <attribute_table_view>` of the related child features.

> If you use the :menuselection:`Drag and Drop Designer` for the regions feature, you can select 

Reviewer: Let's instead point to where people find setup information for that D&D setup
```suggestion
If you use the :ref:`Drag and Drop Designer <customize_form>` for the regions feature, you can select 
```
